cell1 should be greater than cell2
cell3 should be greater than cell5
dog1 should be less or equal to dog2
family1 should be less or equal to family9
Cat1 should be greater or equal to cat2
element3 should be greater or equal to cheeze4
drink2 should be less than drink4
computer10 should be less than mouse19
brand5 should be the same as drink3
paper5 should be equal to cable3
cell12 should not be the same as cell7
fruit1 should be different than phone4
The temperature in city1 should exceed the temperature in city2.
The sales of product1 should be higher than the sales of product3.
The population of country3 should surpass the population of country6.
The marathon time for runner1 should be faster than the time for runner5.
The number of likes on post1 should be greater than the number of likes on post4.
The IQ score of student3 should be higher than the IQ score of student7.
The price of stock1 should be greater than the price of stock9.
The weight of box2 should be greater than the weight of box3.
The distance from point1 to point3 should be greater than the distance from point2 to point4.
The rating of movie1 should be higher than the rating of movie6.
The length of song2 should be longer than the length of song8.
The speed of car1 should be greater than the speed of car4.
The age of person2 should be greater than the age of person5.
The budget for project1 should exceed the budget for project9.
The height of tree1 should be greater than the height of tree2.
The volume of container1 should be greater than the volume of container3.
The salary of employee1 should be higher than the salary of employee7.
The score of team1 should be greater than the score of team3.
The attendance at event1 should be higher than the attendance at event4.
The horsepower of engine2 should be greater than the horsepower of engine6.
The brightness of light1 should be greater than the brightness of light5.
The GPA of student1 should be higher than the GPA of student3.
The number of subscribers for channel2 should be higher than the number of subscribers for channel9.
The level of pollution in city1 should be greater than the level of pollution in city4.
The income of household1 should be higher than the income of household6.
The age of dog1 should be less than or equal to the age of dog3.
The quantity of supplies in stock2 should be less than or equal to the quantity in stock7.
The price of item1 should be less than or equal to the price of item5.
The height of mountain1 should be less than or equal to the height of mountain4.
The duration of flight2 should be less than the duration of flight6.
The temperature in city1 should be lower than the temperature in city2.
The sales of product1 should exceed the sales of product3.
The population of country3 should be less than the population of country6.
The marathon time for runner1 should be slower than the time for runner5.
The number of likes on post1 should be fewer than the number of likes on post4.
The IQ score of student3 should be lower than the IQ score of student7.
The price of stock1 should be less than the price of stock9.
The weight of box2 should be less than the weight of box3.
The distance from point1 to point3 should be shorter than the distance from point2 to point4.
The rating of movie1 should be lower than the rating of movie6.
The length of song2 should be shorter than the length of song8.
The speed of car1 should be slower than the speed of car4.
The age of person2 should be younger than the age of person5.
The budget for project1 should be lower than the budget for project9.
The height of tree1 should be shorter than the height of tree2.
The volume of container1 should be less than the volume of container3.
The salary of employee1 should be lower than the salary of employee7.
The score of team1 should be less than the score of team3.
The attendance at event1 should be lower than the attendance at event4.
The horsepower of engine2 should be less than the horsepower of engine6.
The brightness of light1 should be lower than the brightness of light5.
The GPA of student1 should be lower than the GPA of student3.
The number of subscribers for channel2 should be fewer than the number of subscribers for channel9.
The level of pollution in city1 should be lower than the level of pollution in city4.
The income of household1 should be lower than the income of household6.
The age of dog1 should be greater than or equal to the age of dog3.
The quantity of supplies in stock2 should be greater than or equal to the quantity in stock7.
The price of item1 should be greater than or equal to the price of item5.
The height of mountain1 should be greater than or equal to the height of mountain4.
The duration of flight2 should be greater than the duration of flight6.
The temperature in city1 should be higher than or equal to the temperature in city2.
The sales of product1 should be greater than or equal to the sales of product3.
The population of country3 should surpass or equal the population of country6.
The marathon time for runner1 should be faster than or equal to the time for runner5.
The number of likes on post1 should be greater than or equal to the number of likes on post4.
The IQ score of student3 should be higher than or equal to the IQ score of student7.
The price of stock1 should be greater than or equal to the price of stock9.
The weight of box2 should be greater than or equal to the weight of box3.
The distance from point1 to point3 should be greater than or equal to the distance from point2 to point4.
The rating of movie1 should be higher than or equal to the rating of movie6.
The length of song2 should be longer than or equal to the length of song8.
The speed of car1 should be greater than or equal to the speed of car4.
The age of person2 should be greater than or equal to the age of person5.
The budget for project1 should exceed or equal the budget for project9.
The height of tree1 should be greater than or equal to the height of tree2.
The volume of container1 should be greater than or equal to the volume of container3.
The salary of employee1 should be higher than or equal to the salary of employee7.
The score of team1 should be greater than or equal to the score of team3.
The attendance at event1 should be higher than or equal to the attendance at event4.
The horsepower of engine2 should be greater than or equal to the horsepower of engine6.
The brightness of light1 should be greater than or equal to the brightness of light5.
The GPA of student1 should be higher than or equal to the GPA of student3.
The number of subscribers for channel2 should be higher than or equal to the number of subscribers for channel9.
The level of pollution in city1 should be greater than or equal to the level of pollution in city4.
The income of household1 should be higher than or equal to the income of household6.
The age of dog1 should not be the same as the age of dog3.
The quantity of supplies in stock2 should not be equal to the quantity in stock7.
The price of item1 should not be equal to the price of item5.
The height of mountain1 should not be equal to the height of mountain4.
The duration of flight2 should not be equal to the duration of flight6.
The weight of object1 should be less than the weight of object3.
The length of road1 should be shorter than the length of road4.
The age of child1 should be younger than the age of child5.
The brightness of star1 should be dimmer than the brightness of star6.
The score of team1 should be lower than the score of team5.
The height of building1 should be shorter than the height of building3.
The cost of item1 should be cheaper than the cost of item7.
The quantity of apples in basket1 should be less than the quantity of oranges in basket2.
