cell1 should be greater than cell2
cell3 should be greater than cell5
dog1 should be less or equal to dog2
family1 should be less or equal to family9
Cat1 should be greater or equal to cat2
element3 should be greater or equal to cheeze4
drink2 should be less than drink4
computer10 should be less than mouse19
brand5 should be the same as drink3
paper5 should be equal to cable3
cell12 should not be the same as cell7
fruit1 should be different than phone4
The temperature in city1 should exceed the temperature in city2.
The sales of product1 should be higher than the sales of product3.
The population of country3 should surpass the population of country6.
The marathon time for runner1 should be faster than the time for runner5.
The number of likes on post1 should be greater than the number of likes on post4.
The IQ score of student3 should be higher than the IQ score of student7.
The price of stock1 should be greater than the price of stock9.
The weight of box2 should be greater than the weight of box3.
The distance from point1 to point3 should be greater than the distance from point2 to point4.
The rating of movie1 should be higher than the rating of movie6.
The length of song2 should be longer than the length of song8.
The speed of car1 should be greater than the speed of car4.
The age of person2 should be greater than the age of person5.
The budget for project1 should exceed the budget for project9.
The height of tree1 should be greater than the height of tree2.
The volume of container1 should be greater than the volume of container3.
The salary of employee1 should be higher than the salary of employee7.
The score of team1 should be greater than the score of team3.
The attendance at event1 should be higher than the attendance at event4.
The horsepower of engine2 should be greater than the horsepower of engine6.
The brightness of light1 should be greater than the brightness of light5.
The GPA of student1 should be higher than the GPA of student3.
The number of subscribers for channel2 should be higher than the number of subscribers for channel9.
The level of pollution in city1 should be greater than the level of pollution in city4.
The income of household1 should be higher than the income of household6.
The age of dog1 should be less than or equal to the age of dog3.
The quantity of supplies in stock2 should be less than or equal to the quantity in stock7.
The price of item1 should be less than or equal to the price of item5.
The height of mountain1 should be less than or equal to the height of mountain4.
The duration of flight2 should be less than the duration of flight6.
The temperature in city1 should be lower than the temperature in city2.
The sales of product1 should exceed the sales of product3.
The population of country3 should be less than the population of country6.
The marathon time for runner1 should be slower than the time for runner5.
The number of likes on post1 should be fewer than the number of likes on post4.
The IQ score of student3 should be lower than the IQ score of student7.
The price of stock1 should be less than the price of stock9.
The weight of box2 should be less than the weight of box3.
The distance from point1 to point3 should be shorter than the distance from point2 to point4.
The rating of movie1 should be lower than the rating of movie6.
The length of song2 should be shorter than the length of song8.
The speed of car1 should be slower than the speed of car4.
The age of person2 should be younger than the age of person5.
The budget for project1 should be lower than the budget for project9.
The height of tree1 should be shorter than the height of tree2.
The volume of container1 should be less than the volume of container3.
The salary of employee1 should be lower than the salary of employee7.
The score of team1 should be less than the score of team3.
The attendance at event1 should be lower than the attendance at event4.
The horsepower of engine2 should be less than the horsepower of engine6.
The brightness of light1 should be lower than the brightness of light5.
The GPA of student1 should be lower than the GPA of student3.
The number of subscribers for channel2 should be fewer than the number of subscribers for channel9.
The level of pollution in city1 should be lower than the level of pollution in city4.
The income of household1 should be lower than the income of household6.
The age of dog1 should be greater than or equal to the age of dog3.
The quantity of supplies in stock2 should be greater than or equal to the quantity in stock7.
The price of item1 should be greater than or equal to the price of item5.
The height of mountain1 should be greater than or equal to the height of mountain4.
The duration of flight2 should be greater than the duration of flight6.
The temperature in city1 should be higher than or equal to the temperature in city2.
The sales of product1 should be greater than or equal to the sales of product3.
The population of country3 should surpass or equal the population of country6.
The marathon time for runner1 should be faster than or equal to the time for runner5.
The number of likes on post1 should be greater than or equal to the number of likes on post4.
The IQ score of student3 should be higher than or equal to the IQ score of student7.
The price of stock1 should be greater than or equal to the price of stock9.
The weight of box2 should be greater than or equal to the weight of box3.
The distance from point1 to point3 should be greater than or equal to the distance from point2 to point4.
The rating of movie1 should be higher than or equal to the rating of movie6.
The length of song2 should be longer than or equal to the length of song8.
The speed of car1 should be greater than or equal to the speed of car4.
The age of person2 should be greater than or equal to the age of person5.
The budget for project1 should exceed or equal the budget for project9.
The height of tree1 should be greater than or equal to the height of tree2.
The volume of container1 should be greater than or equal to the volume of container3.
The salary of employee1 should be higher than or equal to the salary of employee7.
The score of team1 should be greater than or equal to the score of team3.
The attendance at event1 should be higher than or equal to the attendance at event4.
The horsepower of engine2 should be greater than or equal to the horsepower of engine6.
The brightness of light1 should be greater than or equal to the brightness of light5.
The GPA of student1 should be higher than or equal to the GPA of student3.
The number of subscribers for channel2 should be higher than or equal to the number of subscribers for channel9.
The level of pollution in city1 should be greater than or equal to the level of pollution in city4.
The income of household1 should be higher than or equal to the income of household6.
The age of dog1 should not be the same as the age of dog3.
The quantity of supplies in stock2 should not be equal to the quantity in stock7.
The price of item1 should not be equal to the price of item5.
The height of mountain1 should not be equal to the height of mountain4.
The duration of flight2 should not be equal to the duration of flight6.
The weight of object1 should be less than the weight of object3.
The length of road1 should be shorter than the length of road4.
The age of child1 should be younger than the age of child5.
The brightness of star1 should be dimmer than the brightness of star6.
The score of team1 should be lower than the score of team5.
The height of building1 should be shorter than the height of building3.
The cost of item1 should be cheaper than the cost of item7.
The quantity of apples in basket1 should be less than the quantity of oranges in basket2.
The speed of Runner1 should be slower than the speed of Runner2.
The score of TeamA should be lower than the score of TeamB.
The capacity of Tank1 should be smaller than the capacity of Tank2.
The age of Child1 should be less than the age of Child2.
The weight of ParcelA should be lighter than the weight of ParcelB.
The height of Tree1 should be shorter than the height of Tree2.
The brightness of Star1 should be dimmer than the brightness of Star2.
The diameter of CircleA should be smaller than the diameter of CircleB.
The IQ score of Student1 should be lower than the IQ score of Student2.
The value of StockA should be less than the value of StockB.
The acidity of Solution1 should be lower than the acidity of Solution2.
The magnitude of Earthquake1 should be smaller than the magnitude of Earthquake2.
The duration of SongA should be shorter than the duration of SongB.
The temperature in Room1 should be cooler than the temperature in Room2.
The height of BuildingA should be less than the height of BuildingB.
The population of City1 should be smaller than the population of City2.
The resistance of Resistor1 should be lower than the resistance of Resistor2.
The length of RoadA should be shorter than the length of RoadB.
The speed of R1 should be slower than or equal to the speed of R2.
The score of TA should be lower than or equal to the score of TB.
The capacity of T1 should be smaller than or equal to the capacity of T2.
The age of C1 should be less than or equal to the age of C2.
The weight of PA should be lighter than or equal to the weight of PB.
The height of T1 should be shorter than or equal to the height of T2.
The brightness of S1 should be dimmer than or equal to the brightness of S2.
The diameter of CA should be smaller than or equal to the diameter of CB.
The IQ score of S1 should be lower than or equal to the IQ score of S2.
The value of SA should be less than or equal to the value of SB.
The acidity of S1 should be lower than or equal to the acidity of S2.
The magnitude of E1 should be smaller than or equal to the magnitude of E2.
The duration of SA should be shorter than or equal to the duration of SB.
The temperature in R1 should be cooler than or equal to the temperature in R2.
The height of BA should be less than or equal to the height of BB.
The population of C1 should be smaller than or equal to the population of C2.
The resistance of R1 should be lower than or equal to the resistance of R2.
The length of RA should be shorter than or equal to the length of RB.
V1 should be slower than or equal to V2.
L1 should be shorter than or equal to L2.
P1 should be lower than or equal to P2.
G1 should be smaller than or equal to G2.
B1 should be smaller than or equal to B2.
O1 should be less than or equal to O2.
M1 should be lower than or equal to M2.
W1 should be smaller than or equal to W2.
A1 should be cooler than or equal to A2.
H1 should be shorter than or equal to H2.
D1 should be less than or equal to D2.
S1 should be lower than or equal to S2.
T1 should be shorter than or equal to T2.
C1 should be smaller than or equal to C2.
B1 should be lighter than or equal to B2.
J1 should be smaller than or equal to J2.
R1 should be smaller than or equal to R2.
E1 should be lower than or equal to E2.
G1 should be lower than or equal to G2.
P1 should be smaller than or equal to P2.
L1 should be lower than or equal to L2.
I1 should be less than or equal to I2.
C1 should be lower than or equal to C2.
A1 should be shorter than or equal to A2.
S1 should be smaller than or equal to S2.
R1 should be smaller than or equal to R2.
The speed of Vehicle1 should be faster than or equal to the speed of Vehicle2.
The length of Line1 should be longer than or equal to the length of Line2.
The cost of Product1 should be higher than or equal to the cost of Product2.
The power of Generator1 should be greater than or equal to the power of Generator2.
The size of Box1 should be larger than or equal to the size of Box2.
The depth of Ocean1 should be greater than or equal to the depth of Ocean2.
The rating of Movie1 should be higher than or equal to the rating of Movie2.
The width of Widget1 should be larger than or equal to the width of Widget2.
The temperature of Area1 should be warmer than or equal to the temperature of Area2.
The length of Highway1 should be longer than or equal to the length of Highway2.
The age of Device1 should be greater than or equal to the age of Device2.
The price of Service1 should be higher than or equal to the price of Service2.
The height of Tower1 should be taller than or equal to the height of Tower2.
The capacity of Container1 should be greater than or equal to the capacity of Container2.
The weight of Bag1 should be heavier than or equal to the weight of Bag2.
The volume of Jar1 should be larger than or equal to the volume of Jar2.
The diameter of Ring1 should be larger than or equal to the diameter of Ring2.
The score of Exam1 should be higher than or equal to the score of Exam2.
The level of Game1 should be higher than or equal to the level of Game2.
The thickness of Panel1 should be larger than or equal to the thickness of Panel2.
The intensity of Light1 should be higher than or equal to the intensity of Light2.
The value of Item1 should be greater than or equal to the value of Item2.
The efficiency of Component1 should be higher than or equal to the efficiency of Component2.
The distance of Area1 should be longer than or equal to the distance of Area2.
The count of Sample1 should be greater than or equal to the count of Sample2.
The area of Region1 should be larger than or equal to the area of Region2.
The age of Cat3 should be less than or equal to the age of Cat8.
The cost of Pen5 should be lower than or equal to the cost of Pen9.
The size of Cup2 should be smaller than or equal to the size of Cup7.
The weight of Hat4 should be lighter than or equal to the weight of Hat6.
The count of Gem7 should be smaller than or equal to the count of Gem10.
The speed of Velocity3 should be faster than the speed of Velocity7.
The length of LineSegment5 should be longer than the length of LineSegment9.
The cost of Item2 should be higher than the cost of Item6.
The power of GeneratorUnit4 should be greater than the power of GeneratorUnit8.
The size of Container6 should be larger than the size of Container11.
The depth of Ocean2 should be greater than the depth of Ocean5.
The rating of Movie3 should be higher than the rating of Movie7.
The width of Widget2 should be larger than the width of Widget6.
The temperature of Zone4 should be warmer than the temperature of Zone9.
The length of Highway3 should be longer than the length of Highway6.
The age of Device5 should be greater than the age of Device10.
The price of Service4 should be higher than the price of Service9.
The height of Tower6 should be taller than the height of Tower12.
The capacity of Storage3 should be greater than the capacity of Storage7.
The weight of Bag5 should be heavier than the weight of Bag8.
The volume of Container4 should be larger than the volume of Container9.
The diameter of Ring2 should be larger than the diameter of Ring4.
The score of Exam3 should be higher than the score of Exam6.
The level of Game4 should be higher than the level of Game8.
The thickness of Panel2 should be larger than the thickness of Panel5.
The intensity of Light3 should be higher than the intensity of Light7.
The value of Item3 should be greater than the value of Item6.
The efficiency of Component4 should be higher than the efficiency of Component9.
The distance of Location2 should be longer than the distance of Location4.
The count of Sample3 should be greater than the count of Sample6.
The area of Region2 should be larger than the area of Region5.
The age of Cat4 should be less than the age of Cat7.
The cost of Pen6 should be lower than the cost of Pen8.
The size of Cup3 should be smaller than the size of Cup6.
The weight of Hat5 should be lighter than the weight of Hat7.
The count of Gem4 should be smaller than the count of Gem7.
The height of Building3 should be taller than the height of Building6.
The capacity of Tank2 should be greater than the capacity of Tank4.
The speed of Vel3 should be equal to the speed of Vel7.
The length of Lin5 should be equal to the length of Lin9.
The cost of Itm2 should be equal to the cost of Itm6.
The power of Gen4 should be equal to the power of Gen8.
The size of Cnt6 should be equal to the size of Cnt11.
The depth of Ocn2 should be equal to the depth of Ocn5.
The rating of Mov3 should be equal to the rating of Mov7.
The width of Wid2 should be equal to the width of Wid6.
The temperature of Zon4 should be equal to the temperature of Zon9.
The length of Hwy3 should be equal to the length of Hwy6.
The age of Dev5 should be equal to the age of Dev10.
The price of Srv4 should be equal to the price of Srv9.
The height of Twr6 should be equal to the height of Twr12.
The capacity of Sto3 should be equal to the capacity of Sto7.
The weight of Bg5 should be equal to the weight of Bg8.
The volume of Cnt4 should be equal to the volume of Cnt9.
The diameter of Rng2 should be equal to the diameter of Rng4.
The score of Exm3 should be equal to the score of Exm6.
The level of Gme4 should be equal to the level of Gme8.
The thickness of Pnl2 should be equal to the thickness of Pnl5.
The intensity of Lgt3 should be equal to the intensity of Lgt7.
The value of Itm3 should be equal to the value of Itm6.
The efficiency of Cmp4 should be equal to the efficiency of Cmp9.
The distance of Lct2 should be equal to the distance of Lct4.
The count of Smp3 should be equal to the count of Smp6.
The area of Reg2 should be equal to the area of Reg5.
The age of Cat4 should be equal to the age of Cat7.
The cost of Pen6 should be equal to the cost of Pen8.
The size of Cup3 should be equal to the size of Cup6.
The weight of Hat5 should be equal to the weight of Hat7.
The count of Gem4 should be equal to the count of Gem7.
The height of Bld3 should be equal to the height of Bld6.
The capacity of Tnk2 should be equal to the capacity of Tnk4.
V1 should be equal to V3.
L1 should be equal to L4.
P2 should be equal to P5.
G3 should be equal to G6.
B2 should be equal to B4.
O2 should be equal to O5.
M1 should be equal to M3.
W2 should be equal to W4.
A3 should be equal to A6.
H2 should be equal to H5.
D3 should be equal to D6.
S2 should be equal to S5.
T2 should be equal to T4.
C1 should be equal to C3.
B1 should be equal to B3.
The speed of Olivia should not be equal to the speed of Victor.
The length of Lillian should not be equal to the length of Nathan.
The cost of Isabella should not be equal to the cost of Harper.
The power of Sophia should not be equal to the power of Daniel.
The size of Carlos should not be equal to the size of George.
The depth of Oliver should not be equal to the depth of Xavier.
The rating of Morgan should not be equal to the rating of Olivia.
The width of Willow should not be equal to the width of Stella.
The temperature of Zoey should not be equal to the temperature of Nicole.
The length of Hazel should not be equal to the length of Sydney.
The age of Stella should not be equal to the age of Peyton.
The price of Samuel should not be equal to the price of Andrew.
The height of Taylor should not be equal to the height of Jordan.
The capacity of Sydney should not be equal to the capacity of Taylor.
The weight of Blake should not be equal to the weight of Gavin.
The volume of Chloe should not be equal to the volume of Hannah.
The diameter of Riley should not be equal to the diameter of Ethan.
The score of Emma should not be equal to the score of Isaac.
The level of Grace should not be equal to the level of Megan.
The thickness of Ethan should not be equal to the thickness of Isaac.
The intensity of Lucas should not be equal to the intensity of Grace.
The value of Isaac should not be equal to the value of Andrew.
The efficiency of Caleb should not be equal to the efficiency of Ethan.
The distance of Lily should not be equal to the distance of Sarah.
The count of Sophia should not be equal to the count of Emily.
The area of Olivia should not be equal to the area of Daniel.
The age of Mason should not be equal to the age of Aiden.
The cost of Penny should not be equal to the cost of Ethan.
The size of Cooper should not be equal to the size of Jasper.
The weight of Harper should not be equal to the weight of Ethan.
The count of Gemma should not be equal to the count of Stella.
The height of Bella should not be equal to the height of Ethan.
The capacity of Tyler should not be equal to the capacity of Henry.
Olivia should not be equal to Ophelia.
Lily should not be equal to Lauren.
Parker should not be equal to Piper.
Gavin should not be equal to Grayson.
Brian should not be equal to Brady.
Olivia should not be equal to Oliver.
Mason should not be equal to Matthew.
Wyatt should not be equal to Warren.
Audrey should not be equal to Aurora.
Dylan should not be equal to Daniel.
Sarah should not be equal to Skylar.
